Update Service Fabric DNS docs for 9.0 release (#91687)
Azure/azure-content: articles/service-fabric/service-fabric-dnsservice.md

    }
}
```
## Recursive Queries

> For DNS names that DNS Service cannot resolve on its own (e.g. for a public DNS name), it will forward the query to pre-existing recursive DNS servers on the nodes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For DNS names that the DNS service can't resolve on its own (for example, a public DNS name), it will forward the query to pre-existing recursive DNS servers on the nodes. 

```

> Prior to Service Fabric 9.0, these servers were queried serially with a fixed timeout period of 5 seconds in between. If a server did not respond within the timeout period, the next server (if available) would be queried. In the case that these DNS servers were encountering any issues, completion of DNS queries would take longer than 5 seconds - which is not ideal. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to Service Fabric 9.0, these servers were queried serially with a fixed timeout period of 5 seconds in between. If a server didn't respond within the timeout period, the next server (if available) would be queried. In the case that these DNS servers were encountering any issues, completion of DNS queries would take longer than 5 seconds, which is not ideal. 

```
